Document how to take out worker slots without interrupting running jobs (#3771)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/Installing.asciidoc

under `/etc/openqa/workers.ini` changes. This unit is not enabled by default and
only affects `openqa-worker-auto-restart@.service` but not other worker services.

> This kind of setup makes it easy to take out worker slots temporarily without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This kind of setup makes it easy to disable worker slots temporarily without
```

Same as a service you enable/disable. At least to my mind that's a more natural way to phrase it.

Author: I would actually avoid this phrasing because it could easily be confused with "disabling" the service in the systemd-sense. However, the service will actually not be "disabled" but "masked" and also be stopped (gracefully).

Reviewer: Maybe call it mask then? I honestly don't know what I would expect "take out" to mean here on its own

Author: It means stopping them without interrupting currently running jobs. Likely you've just read the diff and not the sections heading. I suppose if you consider the section heading (and previous paragraphs) it wouldn't be hard to make sense of it.

Reviewer: I'm not saying I can't make sense of it, I'm saying the phrasing makes no sense without investigating what it could mean or asking here

Reviewer: You could refute my concerns by quoting other docs we have using similar terms if there are any, or systemd or whatever else. But since this is documentation I simply wonder if other readers will also be wondering what it means

Reviewer: You can also ignore my concerns if you disagree. But I hope it's clear that I'm not asking for an out of band explanation here
